so been Batman Affleck is on the way as
or many other luminaries for first let's
check in with Guillermo on the wall of
America at the governor's boil which is
happening right across before oh look at
this Guillermo you did it I asked you to
get us a big star you guys a big star
Sacha Baron Cohen I love soccer
hello America hey you had a pretty quick
costume change there I guess I don't
know what you're talking about that was
who made oh that's right I forgot
that's what why the Academy would never
let somebody like allergies amount was
that I went to the toilet it was done is
it true that that sasha was so you were
supposed to present and instead allergy
wound up filling in for you as a
surprise to the author it's true that is
true I was very dismayed because I was
getting ready a nature cold I went into
the bathroom next thing I knew I had
been usurped by allergy and made a fool
out now you Ali G presented with Olivia
that she know that allergy was coming
out in instead of you
I'm trying
here I'm real sorry I'm not a way Sasha
I apologize but there's some idiots in
the back yeah there's a law of complete
part of my friend you've been walking
around yeah there are people jumping
around in the back like this red drama
get famous and a lot of people here kind
of very upset they didn't win tonight
you know this is really a shame that we
put so much work into the show and then
people just show up and they ruin it
like that if there is losses yeah well
you know Sasha you have I know a movie
the brothers Grimsby coming out that's
right that's right March 11 and and I
again I apologize for what's going on
here there's a very unprofessionally
Guillermo really you're the one that
should be watching for what's going on
get the guy behind you out of the shot
he was thank you very much it with I'm
so sorry sauce if you look say away
there's no excuse for that and I
apologize again some people are just
gross but thank you very much yeah Sacha
Baron Cohen at the governor's bow
oh look they were thank you so much
anywhere here are next year
yeah mochi problem baby a mixer thank
you keep rounding people up will your
Guillermo yeah
no no her Jimmy okay thank you very much
thank you you know it just really pisses
me off that's all
thanks for watching if you like that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares